https://codepen.io/kjgeer/pen/zYKmdQj?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

    clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and developer

    2. What is HTML used for? 

    it allows you to create and structure a web pag

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    an attribute is the words used to control the element's behavior and it goes between < and >

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 

    Most important info and once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?

    <input> <select>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    title and meta data

    7. What is an id? 

    a unique identifier used to identify the element when styling

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    any html tag

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

     once

    10. What is a class? 

    specifies classname for an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 



    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

     as many as I want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    target = "_blank" after the link

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

    alternetive text incase the image can't be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?

    #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?

    section means the content inside is grouped. div defines a division

    17. What is CSS used for? 

    to style html

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page?

    h2{whatever you want to do to it;}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one?

    an id is an unique identifier used once.  an class can be used as much as you like. you could use a class for your images if you want them to all have the same hover effect and an id if you wanted them to all have different elements

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    .classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    .human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    it selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. it would be useful if you want to target very specific elements

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    #div>sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    a keyword added to a selector that specifies a speial state like :hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    Capitials:uppercase lowercase:lowercase Capitalize:capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    border:1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    ctrl +a

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    *comment*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    rm 'filename' . there is no way to undo it and no promt making sure you want to remove it

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    so that multipule people can work on the same project simultaneosly while keeping a record of all versions

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    whenever you get to a point that you want saved and to show others

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

1.fork it 2. clone the forked repo 3. go to cli 4. inside cli use cd to go to the directory where you want to clone the repo 5. use git clone <link-to-repo> to clone the repo 6. cd into the new repo using cd <repo-name> 7. use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to crate your own branch name for the repo 8. work on repo 9. use git add . to add the repo changes and get them ready for committing 10. use git commit -m "commit comment here" to commit the changes with your commit comment 11.use git push -u origin branch-name to push your changes to your github repo 12.submit pull request 13.go back to your forked project 14. click on branch:master button 15. click on your branch from the dropdown menu 16. click new pull request button to make a pull request on your new branch 17. click the dropdown button that says base repository and change it to be your forked repo 18. click create pull request 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    inline is that line only block is everything in that element

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    it no longer exists in normal document layout flow

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    box model

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    block:p, header, div.  inline:br,a,big.  inline-block:button

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

    a box modellets you put padding, margin, and border on content. add width + left and right padding +left and right border + left and right margin together to get the total width and adjust as necessary